Note required features for screen recording (#2335)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2026-01-12-bevy-0.18/index.md

This process has been streamlined, with the new [`EasyScreenshotPlugin`] allowing you to take a screenshot with consistent formatting with a single button press. With its default settings, once you add this plugin to your application, a PNG screenshot will be taken when you press the `PrintScreen` key. You can change the trigger key, or the screenshot format between PNG, JPEG or BMP.

> We've taken this one step further, allowing you to record video directly from Bevy, with the new [`EasyScreenRecordPlugin`]. This plugins add a toggle key, space bar by default, that will toggle screen recording. Recording can also be started and stopped programmatically with the [`RecordScreen`] messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've taken this one step further, allowing you to record video directly from Bevy, with the new [`EasyScreenRecordPlugin`]. This plugin adds a toggle key, space bar by default, that will toggle screen recording. Recording can also be started and stopped programmatically with the [`RecordScreen`] messages.
```
